Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 29, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service. As our Application does not collect any personal data, this policy is intended to clarify that no information is collected or used while You use the Service.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Application refers to MathMass, the software program provided by the Company.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to MathMass.
Country refers to: Argentina.
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
Service refers to the Application.
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Our Application does not collect, store, or share any personal data. We do not require any information from You to provide the Service, and no user data is transmitted or processed during your use of the Application.

Security of Your Data
While we do not collect personal data, We strive to keep the Application secure. However, remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. Since we do not collect personal data, we do not knowingly collect any information from children under 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided us with personal information, please contact Us immediately.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: massholderkevin@gmail.com
